let's go
diop it's people and girls
today we find ourselves for a
new glitch video on gt5 online
I said you are at home
allow to slide into position
squatting through the train so I want to
specify that this glitch only works
are exogenous
to realize this guide I would like you
get on the train that goes around
the table I think of the yes of which train
I then speak once you will be
get on a wagon you go
to cover like I do them
in the open video your menu
inventory activate your passive mode and
then turn it off once the
10 seconds accounts will
finished your character normally goes
start to sail breach the train and
was starting to slip so once
your character will have begun to slide
would not want to touch your
left joystick if you want
look around you can just
turn your right politics because
that if you touch your game stick of
left character will move the
guide must immediately that milk
so it's a glitch that's not very
helpful but still flattering
with his friends, I make them discover
to team members like Jenny
in the video that did it that does it
good laugh so something you
is not shown either in the video cd
you go to anjou first person
your character will stop dragging
and sewer will iron in third view
nobody
he will start again in his slip this will be
a parent will get more fps
it was just a little precision a
Another clarification is that as soon as
that the train will be gone in fact the
slide will stop your character
will do as if they ever
slipped so if you are in height does
attention of your character will fall
suddenly as I wanted to show in
the video
the perfect thing to keep sliding to
the infinite what one of your friends remain
in the train like that the train does
does not disappear and the bij can come true
to infinity so this little video of
two minutes I liked you
invite to leave a little blue thumb
a comment to subscribe to machine
youtube today 's glitch and
new video to follow me on facebook
and on twitter
evo day very soon for a next
video go ciao everyone
Oh
vachon
you are
Oh
m